I did not list in the naval services until I was twenty three years old
so I did not have the kind of home sickness that young people get
sometimes best year my life is my year in Vietnam when we didn't have
any contact at all except for written letters back and forth to our
family I have always enjoyed the excitement of being in the service
and doing that interesting exciting and vital work so I've never felt
homesick a certain desire to go back home I've always been happiest
when I'm doing what I enjoy doing and usually I was in a situation
where I want to keep doing it we did a ninety day TD why that is
temporary duty in Thailand as a group of language to assisting the army
security agency upcountry and Thailand up near the Mekong river
in Thailand and after we done the ninety days another sergeant and I
went and asked the people who were in charge can't you keep is another
ninety days we'd like to spend at least three more months going
hungry doing it was such fun work and best of all Heineken beer was
only twenty five cents a mile